# Webpack Scheme Helper

Minimize the amount of configuration and code necessary for webpack configuration by using ***'schemes'***.

*Source code is in TypeScript.*

## Schemes

Schemes are a typical way that files are deployed.  This utility simplifies the construction of a config that follows a typical scheme.

**The default scheme is set to make everything work:**

* JavaScript (and .jsx files)
* TypeScript (and .tsx files)
* CSS, SCSS, and LESS
* Fonts and Images.
* Builds are cleaned by default.
* All files are hashed.
* All files are minified and source-mapped by default.
* Proper long term hashing is retained using the hash plugin.
* webpack-assets.json is generated by default. 

**All you have to do is provide the project path and build paths.**

### Example

The following example takes all the dependencies defined in the package.json along with any manually specified entries.

##### vendor.ts

```ts
import build from 'webpack-scheme-helper';
import { PROJECT, WEB, BUILD, PACKAGE } from '../constants';

export default

	build({
		project: PROJECT.ROOT,
		web: WEB.ROOT,
		build: `${BUILD.PATH}/vendor`
	})

	.addModules(Object.keys(PACKAGE.JSON.dependencies))

	// Add provide for Bootstrap.
	.provide({
		"$":"jquery",
		"jQuery":"jquery"
	})

	.addEntry("bootstrap.css","./node_modules/bootstrap/dist/css/bootstrap.css")
	
	.render();
```

##### local.ts

```ts
import build from 'webpack-scheme-helper';
import { PROJECT, WEB, BUILD } from '../constants';

export default
	build({
		project: PROJECT.ROOT,
		web: WEB.ROOT,
		build: `${BUILD.PATH}/local`
	})
	.addEntry("main", "./Client/src/main.ts")
	.render();

```

##### config.ts

```ts
import vendor from "./vendor";
import local from "./local";

export default
[
	vendor,
	local
]
```

### Working Sample:

https://github.com/electricessence/aspnet-core2-starter

## Why?

Webpack configs are detailed and highly configurable, but settings must be configured in multiple places for one specific file type or option to work properly.
This utility procedurally configures all necessary options based upon desired features and the source code for the procedure is easily readable.

A lot of time and care has gone into getting this utility to follow Webpack best practices.  Comments and feedback are encouraged.

## Installation

Currently, this helper works with your existing Webpack installation and has some peer dependencies (along with Webpack) that need to be installed to work.  If you use a scheme that has limited features, you may not need some of the peer defined loaders to render your config.

Be sure to review the results of ```npm install``` to make sure the required peer dependencies are included. 